Excuse me, you are Bai Xiaotong, Tang Jian's assistant.
Hello, Mr. Wang.
Isn't Tang Jian's assistant a young man?
Boy
He also has an assistant named Zhang Boran
He was here too
He's very caring
And he's got a good personality.
By the way, what are you here for?
Are you here to take care of me too?
I'm here to discuss something with you.
But I hope you don't tell him.
But don't worry.
This is definitely in your favor.
Let's take a two-pronged approach
unstoppable
Anyway, it's up to you
It depends on fate
Thirty Years Hedong Thirty Years Hexi
Tang Jian can't jump for a few days, so continue to add firewood and burn fire
I'm here today on behalf of the law firm
Instead of representing lawyer Tang
What do you want to tell me? Your case is not very good at the moment.
Our law firm can't just do things
What about lawyer Tang?
He has handled a lot of cases over the years
A personal fan?
There is still some influence
We have no way to take him.
So I can only write it for you secretly.
Well, this is very important.
You must consider it carefully.